re-do upgrade README.md to explain `mc admin update` (#14090)
Minio-io/minio: README.md

`mc` provides a modern alternative to UNIX commands like ls, cat, cp, mirror, diff etc. It supports filesystems and Amazon S3 compatible cloud storage services. Follow the MinIO Client [Quickstart Guide](https://docs.min.io/docs/minio-client-quickstart-guide) for further instructions.

# Upgrading MinIO

> Upgrades require zero downtime in MinIO, all upgrades are non-disruptive, all transactions on MinIO are atomic. So upgrading all the servers simultaneously is the recommended way to upgrade MinIO.

Reviewer: Zero downtime implies the server never goes down. The server must go down for a measurable amount of time, during which applications typically re-try writes. The *application* itself though should see no downtime, just a brief blip of increased 404s. We should say that to avoid users expecting something unreasonable.

```suggestion

MinIO requires upgrading all servers simultaneously with a single deployment-wide restart. Since transactions in MinIO are atomic *and* applications typically retry failed S3 API operations by default, upgrades are minimally-disruptive and do not result in application downtime or lost data.
```

Author: > Zero downtime implies the server never goes down. The server must go down for a measurable amount of time, during which applications typically re-try writes. The *application* itself though should see no downtime, just a brief blip of increased 404s. We should say that to avoid users expecting something unreasonable.
> 
> ```suggestion
> 
> MinIO requires upgrading all servers simultaneously with a single deployment-wide restart. Since transactions in MinIO are atomic *and* applications typically retry failed S3 API operations by default, upgrades are minimally-disruptive and do not result in application downtime or lost data.
> ```

No we are going to say Zero downtime, from application point of view a retry is a zero downtime. The transactions are retried and there is no state loss anywhere.

> NOTE: requires internet access to update directly from https://dl.min.io, optionally you can host any mirrors at https://my-artifactory.example.com/minio/

> - `mc admin update` updates and restarts all servers simultaneously, applications would retry and continue their respective operations upon upgrade. [`mc admin update`](https://docs.min.io/docs/minio-admin-complete-guide.html#update) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For deployments that installed the MinIO server binary by hand, use [`mc admin update`](https://docs.min.io/minio/baremetal/reference/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-update.html)

For DEB/RPM installations, download the DEB/RPM release and install it as recommended by your operating system (e.g. `dnf` or `rpm`).

```

Reviewer: Noticed that legacy docs page for mc admin update conflicts with what is written above - I'll push something to clean that up, but after my next pass on the admin docs we should consider pulling down the "complete" guides and pushing users to the next gen docs.

Author: > Noticed that legacy docs page for mc admin update conflicts with what is written above - I'll push something to clean that up, but after my next pass on the admin docs we should consider pulling down the "complete" guides and pushing users to the next gen docs.

What does it conflict with?

Eg:
```
mc admin update <minio alias, e.g., myminio>
```

> - If you do not have internet access then you can download the binary from https://dl.min.io, replace the binary let's say for example `/usr/local/bin/minio`, `chmod +x /usr/local/bin/minio` and do `mc admin service restart alias/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For deployments without external internet access (e.g. airgapped environments), download the binary from https://dl.min.io and follow internal procedures for placing that binary on to each host in the MinIO deployment. Replace the existing MinIO binary let's say for example `/usr/local/bin/minio`, `chmod +x /usr/local/bin/minio` and do `mc admin service restart alias/`.
```

- If you use our RPM/DEB packages then you should parallelly upgrade all server RPMs and DEBs. Once upgraded, it is recommended to use `systemctl restart minio` across all nodes in parallel.

> ## Upgrade Checklist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade Checklist
- Test all upgrades in a lower environment (DEV, QA, UAT) before applying to production. Performing blind upgrades in production environments carries significant risk.
- Read the release notes for the target MinIO release *before* performing any installation.
```
